= MINT Statemachine SCXML parser

* http://www.multi-access.de

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem implements all core constucts of the state chart XML (SCXML) specification of the W3C.
(http://www.w3.org/TR/scxml/)

Instead of implementing an interpreter, this gem implements a parser that create a ruby statemachine instance based
on the MINT-statemachine gem (https://github.com/sfeu/statemachine).

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

We currently do not support the definition of a data model. Instead the ruby class that contains the statemachine
instance can be used to store data. Conditions can be defined using ruby inside the SCXML definition and member
functionc can be called using SCXML script or invoke.

== EXAMPLE:

Parses an SCXML string and creates a statemachine instance in @sm. The messenger object
can be used to capture the SCXML log messenges (using the log statement).

    @messenger = mock("messenger" )

    parser = StatemachineParser.new(nil,@messenger)

    scxml = <<EOS
 <scxml name="SCXML" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/07/scxml">
  <state id="state1">
     <transition event="event1" target="state2"/>
     <transition event="event4" target="state2">
        <log expr="transition executing"/>
     </transition>
  </state>

  <state id="state2">
     <transition event="event2" target="state3"/>
  </state>

  <state id="state3">
     <transition event="event3" target="state1"/>
  </state>
  </scxml>
 EOS

          @sm = parser.build_from_scxml_string scxml
          @sm.reset

  See tests

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Depends on MINT-statemachine gem (https://github.com/sfeu/statemachine)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install MINT-scxml


== LICENSE:

Copyright (C) 2010-2013 Sebastian Feuerstack, Jessica H. Colnago

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
